the Palestinian message was for Unity
this was the
response Israeli forces killing several
Palestinians as thousands protested
across the occupied West Bank in support
of Gaza another Palestinian was killed
as he reportedly attempted to reach an
illegal Israeli
settlement Friday was one of the
deadliest days in the occupied West Bank
this year paramedic ra K helped FY the
injured from a village near
he says the stress on healthc care
providers is the highest since he
started working 9 years ago what is
usually a 40 km drive to the hospital is
now turning into 120 km because of the
current Israeli closures imagine that
the ambulance car like this one has to
go on top of big rocks in the past
soldiers used to allow us to come and
use some closed checkpoints not anymore
even before this current War rights
organizations were describing Israeli
soldiers as trigger happy the Israeli
military's use of excessive force
against Palestinian protesters is not
new most of these people here are only
armed with rocks and say Israel wants to
crush their Defiance and any sense of
unity between them and their fellow
Palestinians in the besieged Gaza Strip
a largely unarmed population is now
facing an increasing number of armed
settlers they fear that scenes like
this are becoming more frequent an
Israeli settler shooting and injuring a
Palestinian man in habron in the south
of the West
Bank Israel is the one that is causing
the escalation and then blames
Palestinians for it they say that
Palestinians attacked them and captured
Israelis but they weren't giving people
their basic rights did they expect them
to remain
silent as many Western countries show
support for Israel Palestinians say the
world is ignoring the root cause which
is the occupation leaving them victims
of the Israeli forces and settlers nid
ibraim Al jazer the occupied West
Bank Imran Khan is outside a hospital in
romala all throughout the day we've seen
ambulances arrive here from various
demonstrations in the occupied West Bank
this ambulance is actually arriving with
a critically uh injured person you can
see everybody uh all the Medics get
around um now what the EMTs are telling
us is that the types of injuries that
they're seeing are from live fire and
they say that there is an excessive use
of force against Palestinians um
normally the Israelis would use rubber
coated steel bullets they would use tear
gas but now it seems that they are using
life fire against the protesters now
right now uh the hospital says it's not
overwhelmed but it is worried that if
things escalate it could simply become
overwhelmed Imran Khan is RA